---
title: 🌊 The Ocean - What We Cannot Afford to Lose
date: 2023-11-28 19:45:14 +0800
categories: [Schoolwork, Articles]
tags: [英语]
---

As human, it’s natural that we thirst for wealth, love, companionship, etc. But sometimes it’s more natural for us to experience their gain and loss. Apparently, although nobody would like to undergo their loss, at least we are always blessed with opportunities to obtain them back. Unfortunately, for several things on this planet like the ocean, it’s completely impossible to regain after loss, which means, the ocean is what we cannot afford to lose.

Covering more than 70% of our planet, the ocean plays a vital role in regulating our climate. It acts like an enormous heat sink, storing a significant amount of the sun's energy and helping to stabilize global temperature. The ocean also absorbs about one-third of the carbon dioxide emitted by human activities. 

Moreover, the ocean provides habitats for an incredible array of sea life, from the tiniest bacterium to the majestic whales. It sustains these ecosystems so losing it would not only result in the extinction of lovely creatures but also disrupt the food web on which we all depend.

Furthermore, the ocean directly supports the livelihoods of millions of people worldwide. It is a crucial source of food and employment. The loss of healthy marine ecosystems would lead to severe consequences such as poverty, hunger, uneven wealth and inequalities.

In conclusion, the ocean is a precious resource that we cannot afford to lose. Although in recent years human activities have caused some negative impact to the sea, I still firmly believe that we are able to make a difference with our joint effort. Let’s take action now to protect and preserve the ocean for present and future generations!